README.md, before:

# Fitting.jl

# To do:
- create git repository (done)
- find data (done)
- upload data (done)
- compute all the ne! using YMW16 (done)
- and paramters on notebook, set right units  (done)
- write the likelihood (done)
- produce the mcmc sample (done)
- add a lot of comments in the notebook (done)
- check error on ratio from std (done)
- do plots: strip in the epsilon-m plane (done)
- write readme (introduction)

- include priors (done - prior with better justification?)
- compare exclusion with previous bounds ?
- discuss fit result (more?)
- include other data points?

- write readme (add pictures and comment out To do)
- tag the final commit as "version 1 release"

- add travis (?)

# Signature of millicharged dark matter in pulsar dispersion measure (DM): a Bayesian analysis

This Julia notebook was created as part of the Uinversity of Waterloo 2018 Computational Physics course, module II.

In the notebook, we analyze the dispersion measure data from a number of pulsars as a function of their distance. The dispersion measure, which causes a delay between the time of arrival of the pulsar signal in different frequency bands, is usally explained with the presence of ionized plasma in the galactim medium. The standard effect is determined by the density of the electrons integrated along the line of sight. 

We make the hypothesis that the dark matter is a particle charged under the electromagnetic field, with charge ![eqn](https://latex.codecogs.com/gif.latex?q=\epsilon&space;e) and mass $m_{\tex{dm}}$. The dark matter gives an additional contribution to the dispersion measure. The observational data can thus be used to put constraints on the dark matter parameter space.

We use the emcee Monte Carlo sampler to explore the posterior of the combined data and model. From the sample we obtain constraints at 1, 2 and 3 sigmas, and compare them with other bounds in the literature.

# Acknowledgment 

This project was motivited by ongoing research in collaboration with Diego Blas, Andrea Caputo, Miguel Frias, Paolo Pani and Lijing Shao.

Commit message:

corrected prior and new plots and comments

README.md, after:

# Fitting.jl

<!-- # To do:
- create git repository (done)
- find data (done)
- upload data (done)
- compute all the ne! using YMW16 (done)
- and paramters on notebook, set right units  (done)
- write the likelihood (done)
- produce the mcmc sample (done)
- add a lot of comments in the notebook (done)
- check error on ratio from std (done)
- do plots: strip in the epsilon-m plane (done)
- write readme (introduction done)
- compare exclusion with previous bounds (done)
- include priors (done - prior with better justification? need justificatio of lower bound - 
result is lower bound-dependent - relate mcdm effect with photon mass effect to use photon mass lower bound.
for upper bound look at approximations made)
- write readme (add pictures)

- discuss fit result (more?)
- include other data points?

- write readme (add pictures)
- tag the final commit as "version 1 release"

- add travis (?)
-->

# Signature of millicharged dark matter in pulsar dispersion measure (DM): a Bayesian analysis

The Julia notebook PulsarBayesian was created as part of the Uinversity of Waterloo 2018 Computational Physics course, module II.

In the notebook, we analyze the dispersion measure data from a number of pulsars as a function of their distance. The dispersion measure, which causes a delay between the time of arrival of the pulsar signal in different frequency bands, is usally explained with the presence of ionized plasma in the galactim medium. The standard effect is determined by the density of the electrons integrated along the line of sight. 

We make the hypothesis that the dark matter is a particle charged under the electromagnetic field, with charge ![eqn](https://latex.codecogs.com/gif.latex?q=\epsilon&space;e) and mass $m_{\tex{dm}}$. The dark matter gives an additional contribution to the dispersion measure. The observational data can thus be used to put constraints on the dark matter parameter space.

We use the emcee Monte Carlo sampler to explore the posterior of the combined data and model. From the sample we obtain constraints at 1, 2 and 3 sigmas, and compare them with other bounds in the literature.

For more information, see the notebook PulsarBayesian

# Acknowledgment 

This project was motivited by ongoing research in collaboration with Diego Blas, Andrea Caputo, Miguel Frias, Paolo Pani and Lijing Shao. The ideas detailed here will appear in a future publication.
